After on-site investigation and questioning of the victim
Make sure the gangster steals
The case of beating the head of a deer antler is true
Injury to others
serious circumstances
Sentenced the gangster Zhou Xiao to 10 years in prison
Compensation for the victim's medical expenses
Missing work fee Mental damage fee Total 1 million yuan
Pardon me?
They were the first to move
I am the victim
You come back to me
I disagree and I want to appeal
I want to appeal
I want to go
How are you
How did you get in?
It doesn't matter how we got in
As long as you can be God
You can avoid 10 years in prison
Enough, you really have enough
Am I not miserable enough?
You're going to make fun of me too
You figure out what's going on, I beg you
Let's go first
Let him think for himself
Don't come to me again
I'm not some shit god at all
I'm just a son who is not even as filial as my own mother